[DNS] Domain Connect automatic templates update (#16768)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/dns/reference/domain-connect.mdx

   :::note

   Proxy status is applied per template. If needed, organize the records in different templates to specify a different default proxy status per template. Once the records have been created, the domain owner can always change the proxy status for `A`, `AAAA`, and `CNAME` records later.
   :::
4. (Optional) A Cloudflare [account ID](/fundamentals/setup/find-account-and-zone-ids/) for you to test the flow.

   If you have a [DNS provider discovery](https://github.com/Domain-Connect/spec/blob/master/Domain%20Connect%20Spec%20Draft.adoc#dns-provider-discovery) automation in place and will not list new DNS providers manually, Cloudflare can initially restrict your template to be exposed to the specified account only. Once you confirm everything is working as expected, Cloudflare will publish your template on the discovery endpoint, to be picked up by your automation.

## Template updates

Since September, 2024, template updates are picked up by an automation.

> The automation works by comparing the template version number in Cloudflare with the authoritative source of the template on the Internet. This check runs multiple times a day. Although Cloudflare cannot guarantee when exactly each update will be picked up, the process is expected to take no longer than eight hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The automation compares the template version number in Cloudflare with the authoritative source of the template on the Internet. This check runs multiple times a day. Although Cloudflare cannot guarantee when exactly each update will be picked up, the process is expected to take no longer than eight hours.
```
